Readme.md, before:

# 100DaysOfCode

Here All Of my Practice will be Documented for the Next 100 Days while I will be Doing 100 Days Of Code

## Getting Started

I will be Mostly Coding in Python but I will take Other Languages as my consideration.

### Prerequisites

For any Language You must Have the Language Installed in Your System.

## Languages used :

   ---------------------------------------------------------
   |  Sr. No. 	|	Languages Used in This Time Span|
   |------------|--------------------------------------------------|
   1.|Python
   2.|Java
   3.|JavaScript
   4.|C#
   5.|Ruby
   6.|C/C++
   7.|Dart
   8.|Flutter

## Day 1

Today I Updated My E - Commerce Website in which I added Method for Deleting the Product using JavaScript and the Whole Project is made with Python Django named as [RushX](https://rushx.pythonanywhere.com).

## Day 2

Today I Updated My Portfolio Website which was already Built with Flask ( A Frame work in Python ) to Django ( The Most Advanced Frame Work in Python ) this can be found here [Aman Ojha](https://amanojha.pythonanywhere.com)

## Day 3

Today I Continued My React Course and Learned how 2 pass Functions in props to other components and also learned how 2 use React First of all

## Day 4

Today I learned about Java more like how 2 create some GUI using Java and also continued with my React Journey but I will be reducing the time which I was giving to it before because from now I will be giving more time to Java and Python(Side Projects).

## Day 5

Today I started Game Development in which I created a Basic Game which look like 3D Game but is meant for playing like 2D Game. Hope I will make it as soon as possible.

## Day 6

Today got nothing to explain in Detail but I continued my Game Development Journey.

## Day 7

Today also I continued my Game Development Journey and also I coded a bit on [Hackerrank](https://hackerrank.com)

## Day 8

Added Custom 404 and 500 Error Page to be served when a user entered the URL on the address Bar, which includes Designing and adding it to my Django Portfolio wanna Try hit this URL [Go to the Custom Error Page](https://amanojha.pythonanywhere.com/testing-this-url-for-the-viewers-satisifaction)

## Day 9

Continued my Java Course for the College Course which I am ahead of 2 Units.

## Day 10

Worked on My 3D Game and made a bit change while creating a new Project which will be a complete 3D Game also made some models which I will use in my Game which I call it as Cube Runner.

## Day 11

I did completed My Android App on which I was trying to get over since long time. Also I completed my Core Java Course by Naveen Reddy a.k.a. Telusko.

## Day 12

From Today I started to attend a Blog Writing Online assessment program in which I will be taught how to write perfect blogs depending upon the topics from deciding the Blog topics to publishing it online.

## Day 13

Today I made a progress in my Blog writing. Today I learnt how to find a trendy topic for my Niche ( The specific area in which you want to write blog posts is called Niche ). You can have a research on your Niche by using tools like **alltop** and **Google Trends**.

## Day 14

After you had decided the trend on which you want to write blog posts for some time in near future now it is important to create some catchy headlines for your blog post you can have some catchy headlines using these websites for free **TheHoth** and **Hub Spot**.

## Day 15

Now when you are ready with your Catchy Headlines for the blog post let's analyse the headline for the amount of traffic it can gain with that headline. You can use **Coschedule** for this purpose.

## Day 16

After you have written your Blog post I'm sure it will be the best of your content but let's improve it a bit more. You can use **Power Thesaurus** and **Dictionary.com** to Improvise your words to make a better impact on your readers.

## Day 17

After making the nessesary changes in the words of blog we must evaluate our blog with some grammer check tool. You can use **Grammerly** tool to get your grammer check for free with additional suggestions.

## Day 18

Adding Images and gif format videos in your blog post always preferable to make your content more attractable to the reader or the users of the platform either it is your blogging website or some free blogging platfom. You can use **Blogger** for this.

## Day 19

Creating your own image or gif format videos is best as you don't have to search for the image or gif format videos. You can use **Giphy GIF maker** or **ImgFlip**. And for Editing Images you can use **Canva** and **Pixlr**.

## Day 20

Check your plagarism to check the availablity of the content over the internet so that your content don't match up with some other blogs over the internet because it can lead you to get seued for stealing their content. You can use **Dupli Checker** or **Quetext** to get your job done for free.

## Day 21

From today I started building a Mini Project for my Best friend [Apoorva](https://instagram.com/apoorva_vats20) which will be a website similar to [Udemy](https://udemy.com) where everyone will be having access to best books and best video courses over the Internet.

## Day 22

I started designing for the website which can be used for the best UI for the users ( and I think I had my best Designing skills in this ).

## Day 23

I made a bit of Home Page and the Course pages which will help me out to crete the HTML contents via Jinja Templating ( Django related terminology ). It looks good but yes the Dashboard page looks awefull to eyes.

## Day 24

I made a bit of the models and Database Designing and Table seperation from other entries or you can say like creation of tables in Database [ new table for new task ]..

## Day 25

Worked on views like how the URLs will work and how the data will be prsented to the user once the user hit the website with its Unique IP address.

## Day 26

Created some session variables in Python for the website and allotted the users a special user name which will be compared for every particular task and operations will be performed on the basis of the user name which will be stored in session variable.

## Day 27

Worked on some of the images and urls of the books which shall be provided to the user once the user had done with purchasing ( btw I had not made the process for purchasing but working on the file how the user can access the file once logged in ).

## Day 28

After the can can be downloaded I thought of to get rid of the Payment system in this website and now working on it not like I made in [RushX](https://rushx.pythonanywhere.com) but still a decent payment system where you can get the payment done after the owner confirms that you had made the payment yea it is old school but still I love it [ sometimes you can cheat with your customers I know thats illegal but I still dream of this ]

## Day 29

Done with the Payment system and now also with the user based view where a user can have some setting according to the user settings ( Wanna try this website ?? DM me on my [Instagram](https://instagram.com/aman_.1107))

## Day 30

Fixed some bugs in this website like the user image was not loading and the password was not secure when it was going in the Database. Finally Done with the Mini Project of my friend I can still make it good than its current position but I have to build my own Project also which I am thinking to make a Youtube clone with a Hotstar look or GUI Tell me on my [Instgram](https://instagram.com/aman_.1107)

## Day 31

Handed over the Project to [Apoorva](https://instagram.com/apoorva_vats20) and now waiting for the Responses for my project is it Good or not till now I have got 8 response from your side I was expecting atleast 20 but not bad I will try to make a desicion on that only BTW i will be stil waiting for you all till then I will go back to [Hackerrank](https://hackerrank.com) 

## Day 32

So today I got 10 Responses from your side and I will do the nessessary modifications and continue to the same Project I was telling you all about also I will keep on Updating this website and this will be 100% free of cost so you dont have to pay in this website to watch contents just like [YouTube](https://youtube.com) not llike [Hotstar](https://hotstar.com) but today also back to the [Hackerrank](https://hackerrank.com).

## Day 33 

I started designing my Website with HTML and CSS but trying to not make make a exact copy of [Hotstar](https://hotstar.com) for I don't know for legal reasons and also I am seeking some inspirations for this on dribble if you got some please let me know.

## Day 34

I had Developed a Prototype for my website which can be seen on my [Instagram](https://instagram.com/aman_.1107) I used figma for this designing and hope to design more ( just saying but designing is not my cup of tea I got to know now ).

## Day 35

I now have Developed some of the Data modules for the Database and tables for the website I am going to Develop. It is the easiest thing I think at my level coz all you have to do is figuring out which things are going to where and you are done with it But sometmes it feels like frustating when you have to enable the comments.

## Day 36

Today I started Writing HTML for this for with mostly CSS to make a best UI for the user. and with some basic competative coding thing.

## Day 37

Designing is almost complete but it will consume my todays day most probably tommorow it will be complete because still I have to some pages ( with CSS ).

## Day 38

Developed some models in Python for contructing the Databse Tables while integerating the Firebase with Django ( which I will be using as a backend for this Project ) 

## Day 39

Today I created the views for the users which they get when they hit my website also worked on data models that what content will be available to them when they login or open the website.

## Day 40

Developed logics for the user signup and user login with the connection varibales for the user to set up the settings on the basis of their preferance such as dark mode and other stuff.

## Day 41

Today I developed the login for the user to change the password as well as the username and reducing the space required to a fixed storage ( trying to figure out ).

## Day 42

I figured out how to reduce the storage to almost fixed thing. Let me tell you how to do this
What if I just tell the user to store the image or the video to some of your own hosting platforms or Google storage and provide us the link then through that link we will access he item it can be image or video just to place under the correct tag in HTML5 and everything will work just as fine so trying out how to implement it.

## Day 43

So this technique worked just as I thought and it provides me to get some free images to the articles or the content and paste the url to the urlbar which the Django priovides and deliver the content to the consumer of the website and now trying out the same thing with the video.

## Day 44

Finally finished with this project and fixed some bugs like images not being rendered when data models were diffrentiated for anime and movies.

## Day 45

Back to [Hackerrank](https://hackerrank.com) and practiced some problems on DBMS and Python.

## Day 46

Started with React JavaScript and following a tutorial from Udemy and FreeCodeCamp while I will be revising the JavaScript with more details.

## Day 47

Today I learnt about useState function in React JS in which I learnt about useState basics with some useState Counter and also useState objects and Arrays.

## Day 48

Today I got into some concepts of useEffects basics and also about fetch data from Internet and cleanup and why we should use cleanup for useEffects and practised some basics of useState.

## Day 49

Today I learned about multiple return in a React Component where it will work on the basis of if statement and on the basis of that if satement it will give you that return statement from that component. with it I learned about short circuit methods and also show and hide in React JS.

## Day 50

Today I learnt about forms which includes controlled inputs and multiple inputs while the control of those forms will be with React.

## Day 51

Today I took a look back on the previous concepts I learnt in React JS while moved on with a small concept of useRef you have to assume it as a tag in your JSX forms which we learnt in the previous days.

## Day 52

Today I took a look on useReducer in ReactJs and thats all coz it was a bit of confusing for me to digest in one day i will have to take a look in future.

## Day 53

Today I learnt about prop Drilling in this I learnt that how to  pass some information to every child function to render it out on the webpage.

## Day 54

Today I learnt about context APIs and how can we use it to rectify the error of prop drilling and Render the Component to the user.

## Day 55

Today I learn about how to create custom hooks and how to make our apps clear from the custom hooks clutter.

## Day 56

Today I thought of to take a break and solve some of the Hackerrank problems as today in my college some coding competitions were there so I was busy there but still learnt about prop types in React JS.

## Day 57

Today I learnt about the React Router and learnt how to build multi-page React apps with designs being at its best.

## Day 58

Today was the final round of the Hackerrank coding competition in my college so I was there but still managed to finish the last topic of my React course named as useMemo and useCallback.

## Day 59

Today I learnt about Flutter and Dart basics and how to dive in Flutter. Flutter is way more good Android app Developement Language i feel so. moreover you can just develop your Android App and also you can have your Appin IOS with the same codebase and also Samne design.

## Day 60

Today I learnt about how to setup the Flutter in Windows OS and how to develop the first basic App in flutter and how to get it running on the Android Emulator.

## Day 61

Today I learnt about Dart basics about how to write program in Dart programming language ( basically print statements and if statements in Dart programming language ).

## Day 62

Today I leant about more Dart basics and more dart basics . It is quite similar to C++ if you have ever benn familiar with C++.

## Day 63

Today I learnt about building a widget tree and Layout control  or using some specific Widget in Flutter as today I got to know that every thing is widget and how to manage diffrent widget in widget tree.

## Day 64

Today I learnt about functions and buttons in flutter and also about Anonymous functions in Flutter 

## Day 65

Today i learnt about how to Develop custom widgets in flutter with custom styling in the Flutter widget.

## Day 66

Today I learnt about how to map list to widgets and also about Map functions in Dart and how to use it in diffrent types of Dart program.

## Day 67

Today I learnt about final and const keywords and how to use if statements in flutter specific program to make it a good dynamic Android App.

## Day 68

Today I deep dived in Dart specifics and also about more on If statements in both flutter and Dart and also studied about null variable in some blog posts on [Dev](https://dev.to) Follow me on [Dev](https://dev.to/coderaman07).

## Day 69

Getters and else-if statements is really very good and also splitting your App into diffrent Widgets is very good and most of the control remains with the Programer.

## Day 70

Today being the Last day of the Flutter Course I wrapped up the Flutter Course with some Small widgets and creating some basic view to deliver the user a best Android App.

## Day 71

I have to move back to Ghaziabad ( where my college is located ) and that travell will be a real tough thing for me so for the next few Days I am only going to read some of the Blog Posts and also some tips and tricks for the next projects.

## Day 72

Today I Praciced some Questions about Python on Hackerrank as I feel like I am going to forget all the conceps by learning new things [ I dont want to loose all the things ].

## Day 73

Today I Praciced some Questions about Python on Hackerrank again and also started reading some Blog Posts on Dev.

## Day 74

Actually I am travelling right now and got nothing to write todays followup but I am reading blog Posts about Django right now.

## Day 75

I arrived today as it was a 24 hours travel from [ Renukoot to Ghaziabad ] and now I am back to my Dev setup and tryin to setup my Dev setup and a Perfect Developer Table today while a Single Blog post read today I know its way tooooooo less by the work done on previos Days but we were travelling Bro lol  .

## Day 76

Today I read multiple Blog Posts not like yesterday but yes I did some Coding that was particularly server side for the [RushX](https://rushx.pythonanywhere.com) like auto Updating the Date when it is going to expire and like Auto Adding Products whenever I grant the permission to Heroku.

## Day 77

Today I learnt about Dennis on Youtube who talks more and Works way more on Django and Does the Tech mobile Reviews  ( like some Random Indian YouTuber ) and works on more Django Projects.

## Day 78

From Today I am starting studing Data Structures and algorithms for the College Placements and I am kind of Bit upset as I was not Placed in Wipro from the College Placemets and I want to get Placed in Somewhere ( I want t very bad ).

BTW Happy Christmas

## Day 79

Today I leant about How to Integerate React JS with Django like to Deploy Apps with Django as a Backend and the FrontEnd with React JS I also Deployed a Basic React app with Django as a Backend at [this Link](https://amanojha2.pythonanywhere.com).

## Day 80

Today I am starting to Learn how to work on APIs with Django you guessed it Right Rest Framework and now Trying to be familiar with Postman and GET and Post methods in Postman and Browser.


## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

* **Aman Ojha** - *Initial work* - [Aman Ojha](https://github.com/coderaman07)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

Day 82 from my 100 Days of Code

Readme.md, after:

# 100DaysOfCode

Here All Of my Practice will be Documented for the Next 100 Days while I will be Doing 100 Days Of Code

## Getting Started

I will be Mostly Coding in Python but I will take Other Languages as my consideration.

### Prerequisites

For any Language You must Have the Language Installed in Your System.

## Languages used :

   ---------------------------------------------------------
   |  Sr. No. 	|	Languages Used in This Time Span|
   |------------|--------------------------------------------------|
   1.|Python
   2.|Java
   3.|JavaScript
   4.|C#
   5.|Ruby
   6.|C/C++
   7.|Dart
   8.|Flutter

## Day 1

Today I Updated My E - Commerce Website in which I added Method for Deleting the Product using JavaScript and the Whole Project is made with Python Django named as [RushX](https://rushx.pythonanywhere.com).

## Day 2

Today I Updated My Portfolio Website which was already Built with Flask ( A Frame work in Python ) to Django ( The Most Advanced Frame Work in Python ) this can be found here [Aman Ojha](https://amanojha.pythonanywhere.com)

## Day 3

Today I Continued My React Course and Learned how 2 pass Functions in props to other components and also learned how 2 use React First of all

## Day 4

Today I learned about Java more like how 2 create some GUI using Java and also continued with my React Journey but I will be reducing the time which I was giving to it before because from now I will be giving more time to Java and Python(Side Projects).

## Day 5

Today I started Game Development in which I created a Basic Game which look like 3D Game but is meant for playing like 2D Game. Hope I will make it as soon as possible.

## Day 6

Today got nothing to explain in Detail but I continued my Game Development Journey.

## Day 7

Today also I continued my Game Development Journey and also I coded a bit on [Hackerrank](https://hackerrank.com)

## Day 8

Added Custom 404 and 500 Error Page to be served when a user entered the URL on the address Bar, which includes Designing and adding it to my Django Portfolio wanna Try hit this URL [Go to the Custom Error Page](https://amanojha.pythonanywhere.com/testing-this-url-for-the-viewers-satisifaction)

## Day 9

Continued my Java Course for the College Course which I am ahead of 2 Units.

## Day 10

Worked on My 3D Game and made a bit change while creating a new Project which will be a complete 3D Game also made some models which I will use in my Game which I call it as Cube Runner.

## Day 11

I did completed My Android App on which I was trying to get over since long time. Also I completed my Core Java Course by Naveen Reddy a.k.a. Telusko.

## Day 12

From Today I started to attend a Blog Writing Online assessment program in which I will be taught how to write perfect blogs depending upon the topics from deciding the Blog topics to publishing it online.

## Day 13

Today I made a progress in my Blog writing. Today I learnt how to find a trendy topic for my Niche ( The specific area in which you want to write blog posts is called Niche ). You can have a research on your Niche by using tools like **alltop** and **Google Trends**.

## Day 14

After you had decided the trend on which you want to write blog posts for some time in near future now it is important to create some catchy headlines for your blog post you can have some catchy headlines using these websites for free **TheHoth** and **Hub Spot**.

## Day 15

Now when you are ready with your Catchy Headlines for the blog post let's analyse the headline for the amount of traffic it can gain with that headline. You can use **Coschedule** for this purpose.

## Day 16

After you have written your Blog post I'm sure it will be the best of your content but let's improve it a bit more. You can use **Power Thesaurus** and **Dictionary.com** to Improvise your words to make a better impact on your readers.

## Day 17

After making the nessesary changes in the words of blog we must evaluate our blog with some grammer check tool. You can use **Grammerly** tool to get your grammer check for free with additional suggestions.

## Day 18

Adding Images and gif format videos in your blog post always preferable to make your content more attractable to the reader or the users of the platform either it is your blogging website or some free blogging platfom. You can use **Blogger** for this.

## Day 19

Creating your own image or gif format videos is best as you don't have to search for the image or gif format videos. You can use **Giphy GIF maker** or **ImgFlip**. And for Editing Images you can use **Canva** and **Pixlr**.

## Day 20

Check your plagarism to check the availablity of the content over the internet so that your content don't match up with some other blogs over the internet because it can lead you to get seued for stealing their content. You can use **Dupli Checker** or **Quetext** to get your job done for free.

## Day 21

From today I started building a Mini Project for my Best friend [Apoorva](https://instagram.com/apoorva_vats20) which will be a website similar to [Udemy](https://udemy.com) where everyone will be having access to best books and best video courses over the Internet.

## Day 22

I started designing for the website which can be used for the best UI for the users ( and I think I had my best Designing skills in this ).

## Day 23

I made a bit of Home Page and the Course pages which will help me out to crete the HTML contents via Jinja Templating ( Django related terminology ). It looks good but yes the Dashboard page looks awefull to eyes.

## Day 24

I made a bit of the models and Database Designing and Table seperation from other entries or you can say like creation of tables in Database [ new table for new task ]..

## Day 25

Worked on views like how the URLs will work and how the data will be prsented to the user once the user hit the website with its Unique IP address.

## Day 26

Created some session variables in Python for the website and allotted the users a special user name which will be compared for every particular task and operations will be performed on the basis of the user name which will be stored in session variable.

## Day 27

Worked on some of the images and urls of the books which shall be provided to the user once the user had done with purchasing ( btw I had not made the process for purchasing but working on the file how the user can access the file once logged in ).

## Day 28

After the can can be downloaded I thought of to get rid of the Payment system in this website and now working on it not like I made in [RushX](https://rushx.pythonanywhere.com) but still a decent payment system where you can get the payment done after the owner confirms that you had made the payment yea it is old school but still I love it [ sometimes you can cheat with your customers I know thats illegal but I still dream of this ]

## Day 29

Done with the Payment system and now also with the user based view where a user can have some setting according to the user settings ( Wanna try this website ?? DM me on my [Instagram](https://instagram.com/aman_.1107))

## Day 30

Fixed some bugs in this website like the user image was not loading and the password was not secure when it was going in the Database. Finally Done with the Mini Project of my friend I can still make it good than its current position but I have to build my own Project also which I am thinking to make a Youtube clone with a Hotstar look or GUI Tell me on my [Instgram](https://instagram.com/aman_.1107)

## Day 31

Handed over the Project to [Apoorva](https://instagram.com/apoorva_vats20) and now waiting for the Responses for my project is it Good or not till now I have got 8 response from your side I was expecting atleast 20 but not bad I will try to make a desicion on that only BTW i will be stil waiting for you all till then I will go back to [Hackerrank](https://hackerrank.com) 

## Day 32

So today I got 10 Responses from your side and I will do the nessessary modifications and continue to the same Project I was telling you all about also I will keep on Updating this website and this will be 100% free of cost so you dont have to pay in this website to watch contents just like [YouTube](https://youtube.com) not llike [Hotstar](https://hotstar.com) but today also back to the [Hackerrank](https://hackerrank.com).

## Day 33 

I started designing my Website with HTML and CSS but trying to not make make a exact copy of [Hotstar](https://hotstar.com) for I don't know for legal reasons and also I am seeking some inspirations for this on dribble if you got some please let me know.

## Day 34

I had Developed a Prototype for my website which can be seen on my [Instagram](https://instagram.com/aman_.1107) I used figma for this designing and hope to design more ( just saying but designing is not my cup of tea I got to know now ).

## Day 35

I now have Developed some of the Data modules for the Database and tables for the website I am going to Develop. It is the easiest thing I think at my level coz all you have to do is figuring out which things are going to where and you are done with it But sometmes it feels like frustating when you have to enable the comments.

## Day 36

Today I started Writing HTML for this for with mostly CSS to make a best UI for the user. and with some basic competative coding thing.

## Day 37

Designing is almost complete but it will consume my todays day most probably tommorow it will be complete because still I have to some pages ( with CSS ).

## Day 38

Developed some models in Python for contructing the Databse Tables while integerating the Firebase with Django ( which I will be using as a backend for this Project ) 

## Day 39

Today I created the views for the users which they get when they hit my website also worked on data models that what content will be available to them when they login or open the website.

## Day 40

Developed logics for the user signup and user login with the connection varibales for the user to set up the settings on the basis of their preferance such as dark mode and other stuff.

## Day 41

Today I developed the login for the user to change the password as well as the username and reducing the space required to a fixed storage ( trying to figure out ).

## Day 42

I figured out how to reduce the storage to almost fixed thing. Let me tell you how to do this
What if I just tell the user to store the image or the video to some of your own hosting platforms or Google storage and provide us the link then through that link we will access he item it can be image or video just to place under the correct tag in HTML5 and everything will work just as fine so trying out how to implement it.

## Day 43

So this technique worked just as I thought and it provides me to get some free images to the articles or the content and paste the url to the urlbar which the Django priovides and deliver the content to the consumer of the website and now trying out the same thing with the video.

## Day 44

Finally finished with this project and fixed some bugs like images not being rendered when data models were diffrentiated for anime and movies.

## Day 45

Back to [Hackerrank](https://hackerrank.com) and practiced some problems on DBMS and Python.

## Day 46

Started with React JavaScript and following a tutorial from Udemy and FreeCodeCamp while I will be revising the JavaScript with more details.

## Day 47

Today I learnt about useState function in React JS in which I learnt about useState basics with some useState Counter and also useState objects and Arrays.

## Day 48

Today I got into some concepts of useEffects basics and also about fetch data from Internet and cleanup and why we should use cleanup for useEffects and practised some basics of useState.

## Day 49

Today I learned about multiple return in a React Component where it will work on the basis of if statement and on the basis of that if satement it will give you that return statement from that component. with it I learned about short circuit methods and also show and hide in React JS.

## Day 50

Today I learnt about forms which includes controlled inputs and multiple inputs while the control of those forms will be with React.

## Day 51

Today I took a look back on the previous concepts I learnt in React JS while moved on with a small concept of useRef you have to assume it as a tag in your JSX forms which we learnt in the previous days.

## Day 52

Today I took a look on useReducer in ReactJs and thats all coz it was a bit of confusing for me to digest in one day i will have to take a look in future.

## Day 53

Today I learnt about prop Drilling in this I learnt that how to  pass some information to every child function to render it out on the webpage.

## Day 54

Today I learnt about context APIs and how can we use it to rectify the error of prop drilling and Render the Component to the user.

## Day 55

Today I learn about how to create custom hooks and how to make our apps clear from the custom hooks clutter.

## Day 56

Today I thought of to take a break and solve some of the Hackerrank problems as today in my college some coding competitions were there so I was busy there but still learnt about prop types in React JS.

## Day 57

Today I learnt about the React Router and learnt how to build multi-page React apps with designs being at its best.

## Day 58

Today was the final round of the Hackerrank coding competition in my college so I was there but still managed to finish the last topic of my React course named as useMemo and useCallback.

## Day 59

Today I learnt about Flutter and Dart basics and how to dive in Flutter. Flutter is way more good Android app Developement Language i feel so. moreover you can just develop your Android App and also you can have your Appin IOS with the same codebase and also Samne design.

## Day 60

Today I learnt about how to setup the Flutter in Windows OS and how to develop the first basic App in flutter and how to get it running on the Android Emulator.

## Day 61

Today I learnt about Dart basics about how to write program in Dart programming language ( basically print statements and if statements in Dart programming language ).

## Day 62

Today I leant about more Dart basics and more dart basics . It is quite similar to C++ if you have ever benn familiar with C++.

## Day 63

Today I learnt about building a widget tree and Layout control  or using some specific Widget in Flutter as today I got to know that every thing is widget and how to manage diffrent widget in widget tree.

## Day 64

Today I learnt about functions and buttons in flutter and also about Anonymous functions in Flutter 

## Day 65

Today i learnt about how to Develop custom widgets in flutter with custom styling in the Flutter widget.

## Day 66

Today I learnt about how to map list to widgets and also about Map functions in Dart and how to use it in diffrent types of Dart program.

## Day 67

Today I learnt about final and const keywords and how to use if statements in flutter specific program to make it a good dynamic Android App.

## Day 68

Today I deep dived in Dart specifics and also about more on If statements in both flutter and Dart and also studied about null variable in some blog posts on [Dev](https://dev.to) Follow me on [Dev](https://dev.to/coderaman07).

## Day 69

Getters and else-if statements is really very good and also splitting your App into diffrent Widgets is very good and most of the control remains with the Programer.

## Day 70

Today being the Last day of the Flutter Course I wrapped up the Flutter Course with some Small widgets and creating some basic view to deliver the user a best Android App.

## Day 71

I have to move back to Ghaziabad ( where my college is located ) and that travell will be a real tough thing for me so for the next few Days I am only going to read some of the Blog Posts and also some tips and tricks for the next projects.

## Day 72

Today I Praciced some Questions about Python on Hackerrank as I feel like I am going to forget all the conceps by learning new things [ I dont want to loose all the things ].

## Day 73

Today I Praciced some Questions about Python on Hackerrank again and also started reading some Blog Posts on Dev.

## Day 74

Actually I am travelling right now and got nothing to write todays followup but I am reading blog Posts about Django right now.

## Day 75

I arrived today as it was a 24 hours travel from [ Renukoot to Ghaziabad ] and now I am back to my Dev setup and tryin to setup my Dev setup and a Perfect Developer Table today while a Single Blog post read today I know its way tooooooo less by the work done on previos Days but we were travelling Bro lol  .

## Day 76

Today I read multiple Blog Posts not like yesterday but yes I did some Coding that was particularly server side for the [RushX](https://rushx.pythonanywhere.com) like auto Updating the Date when it is going to expire and like Auto Adding Products whenever I grant the permission to Heroku.

## Day 77

Today I learnt about Dennis on Youtube who talks more and Works way more on Django and Does the Tech mobile Reviews  ( like some Random Indian YouTuber ) and works on more Django Projects.

## Day 78

From Today I am starting studing Data Structures and algorithms for the College Placements and I am kind of Bit upset as I was not Placed in Wipro from the College Placemets and I want to get Placed in Somewhere ( I want t very bad ).

BTW Happy Christmas

## Day 79

Today I leant about How to Integerate React JS with Django like to Deploy Apps with Django as a Backend and the FrontEnd with React JS I also Deployed a Basic React app with Django as a Backend at [this Link](https://amanojha2.pythonanywhere.com).

## Day 80

Today I am starting to Learn how to work on APIs with Django you guessed it Right Rest Framework and now Trying to be familiar with Postman and GET and Post methods in Postman and Browser.

## Day 81

Today working on Rest more and also Trying to follow up FreeCodeCamp Tutorial like how to Develop Function based API and Class based API.


## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

* **Aman Ojha** - *Initial work* - [Aman Ojha](https://github.com/coderaman07)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
